[System Purpose]
1. For the bank  
   The traditional counter service of bank exposes some problems with the improvement of social life.The biggest problem is low efficiency, 
because the space and employees are limited. Besides, there are some inconvenient processes,including taking number paper and signature. 
Therefore, an ATM system greatly saved the time for customers and employees. It improves the word efficiency for the bank also is very 
convenient for customers.
2. For the students 
   For us, a design of ATM system is really a challenge. How to apply the knowledge learnt in the class and notebooks to the practice, 
that help us to improve our ability, including cooperation 、analysis and coding ability. Besides, the ATM system consists of so many 
functionalities and actors, how they interact with each other, which has to be familiar with object oriented. Analyze the whole system 
by dividing several classes will make the system modular and have clear logic. After the practice, we can make a progress in the study 
and have a deep understanding to this course.

[System Background]
1. Basic concepts
   ATM System is close to our life. It provides many businesses, includingwithdrawing、depositing、transferring and querying. These 
businesses occur at any time in our daily life. The person who has applied a bank account is called depositor. One depositor can apply 
for several accounts in the bank. The depositor can depositmoney into an account, or withdraw it from his account, or transfer the money
from one account to another, and query their balance and transaction records at any time. In addition, depositors can also change their 
password. Every time when the amount of money or password changes, the database of the bank which store the depositors and accounts 
information will also change.
2. Dynamic data
(1) In the withdrawal and deposit process, the system only support transaction amount is the multiple of 100 yuan.
(2) The account is consist of 19 digits and the password is consist of 6 digits.
(3) The withdrawal at one time can not be more than 2500 yuan, the daily limit is 20000 yuan.
(4) The type of balance and amount of transferred money is "float", which are rounded up to two decimal digits.

[System user role]
  There are 4 roles in the ATM system.
1. User. The user who has an account can withdraw、deposit、transfer and query.
2. Administrator. The administrator mainly processes some fortuitous event for the ATM system. For example:When the user enters wrong
password over 3 times. The system will forbid the user to continue to transact.And the user should contact the administrator if he wants 
to login the system and do some transaction.When the balance of the ATM is less than 1000 yuan, the system feedbacks to the 
administrator automatically.
3. Mechanic. The mechanic is to repair the ATM system when it is out of control and maintain the system regularly.
4. The bank computer. The ATM system shares the same database with the bank computers. They will update the account information 
synchronously if users do transaction on one of the two ways.











