[Function Description]
In the ATM system, every user can create a account,and send them the bank card which contain the card number and username。
The account store the user’s personal information,deposit /withdrawal information and balance.
Every user which have the bank card can deposit/withdrawal and check the balance through ATM machine.
When we use the ATM machine,we need insert the bank card,and enter the password under the prompt of the system interface.
It is judged by the system whether the account is valid or not.If the password is not correct,then it will let the user to enter the 
password again.If the password is incorrect for three times,the system will automatically exit the service.
If the password is correct,the system will enter the interface of selecting service type:deposit money/withdrawal money/check the balance/transfer.
1.Withdrawal money:
  after the system confirm withdrawal request,it will ask the amount.
The system interface show the enter amount request.the user need to enter the money amount which should be compared with max(2500,account balance).
If the amount entered by the user is larger than max(2500,account balance),the system will display the wrong information,and turn back to original interface. 
After user enter the correct amount the system will send the confirm request.
User click confirm,the system will send the request to currency counting machine,then the currency counting machine will out of the money.
After user take the money,the system will automatic update balance.when user choose finish service,the system will exit out the bank card.
2.Deposit money:
  After the system confirm the request, system enter into the deposit interface, the user will deposit into the machine, the system prompts
the currency-counting machine for counting,then the system records and update the balance . The system shows deposit is completed, the user
clicks exit,then the system will withdraw bank card.
3.Check the balance：
  Users choose to query the balance service, the system confirms the request, according to the user information to find the balance, and 
displayed on the interface.
4.Transfer money:
  When the transaction type selected by the user is the transfer,after confirmation of user identity,system prompts the user to enter the
transfer amount.the amount will be compared with the account balance,if the amount entered by the user is larger than account balance,the 
system will display the wrong information,and turn back to operate interface.After the user enter the correct amount,the system will send 
the request to the bank computer,the database will update the balance and save the information.

Functional requirements:
■ Provide Withdrawal money services
■ Provide Deposit money services
■ Provide Check the balance services
■ Provide Transfer money services

Nonfunctional requirements:
■ Level of reliability to ensure adequate service guarantees
■ Sufficient accuracy to support current and future user needs
■ Functional redundancy in critical system capabilities
■ Easily maintained to minimize maintenance costs
■ Extensible to support enhancement of system functionality
■ Long service life

Constraints:
■ Compatibility with international standards
■ Maximal use of COTS hardware and software  

Reference resources:OOA and design with application.
 
[System Assumtion]
Malicious operation assumption:
  In the normal working environment, there will be different ways to use the system, and staff with different purposes, in the design, 
  should have the protection policy for the different users of malicious operation measures.
Extreme data assumption :
  In the software development process, the input data may have a certain error, beyond the definition of the data to make its operation
invalid, we need to the design of its extreme data entry with fault tolerance processing ability or correct operation tips.  In order for
its system to function properly, including error handling of data types and the data itself beyond the normal range of the original definition.
 Environment Assumption:
Software environments may encounter some problems with operating systems 、related  hardware drivers, because applications are running 
too slowly, and some data and files are lost due to unexpected or intrusion of other programs.
Hardware environment will be affected by computer and its peripheral equipment, environmental temperature, power supply, electromagnetic
interference and other issues.
